Added two new diagnostics samples. (#419)
microsoft/Quantum: samples/diagnostics/dumping/README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
- qsharp
products:
- qdk
description: "Dumping states and operations in Q# notebooks."
urlFragment: dumping-states-and-operations
jupyter:
  jupytext:
    cell_markers: region,endregion
    text_representation:
      extension: .md
      format_name: markdown
      format_version: '1.2'
      jupytext_version: 1.5.2
  kernelspec:
    display_name: .NET (PowerShell)
    language: PowerShell
    name: .net-powershell
---

# Dumping States and Operations in Q# Notebooks

This sample demonstrates:

- How to use quantum simulators to view the state of a quantum register.
- How to use quantum simulators to view unitary representations of adjointable operations.

In this sample, you can use Q# to dump useful diagnostics from the quantum simulator provided with the Quantum Development Kit, including states and unitary matrices.

## Prerequisites

- The Microsoft [Quantum Development Kit](https://docs.microsoft.com/quantum/install-guide/).

## Running the Sample

This sample is designed to be run from Jupyter Notebook.
From the terminal, run the following command:

```Command Line
jupyter notebook
```

## Manifest

> - [Game.qs](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/diagnostics/dumping/Dumping%20States%20and%20Operations.ipynb): Main Q# notebook for this sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dumping States and Operations.ipynb](https://github.com/microsoft/Quantum/blob/master/samples/diagnostics/dumping/Dumping%20States%20and%20Operations.ipynb): Main Q# notebook for this sample.
```
